feat(support-guidelines): add link to GitHub Docs (#196)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/support/support-guidelines.md

Also, there are other discussion types such as [feature requests](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware/discussions/categories/feature-requests) or [design discussions](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware/discussions/categories/design).
Feel free to open or join such discussions.

> If you don't know how to create a discussion, refert to [here](https://docs.github.com/en/discussions/quickstart#creating-a-new-discussion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't know how to create a discussion, refer to [GitHub Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/discussions/quickstart#creating-a-new-discussion).
```

Reviewer: Reference: https://developers.google.com/style/link-text

Author: Thanks for checking. Fixed typo and link text.
